in this lecture,
we're going to go over how to use thestreet,
flag toe lint or do something analogous toe limiting your code.
True drive A script lending is different than what we're going to do today.
Using strict mode will only catch a certain subset of issues and it won't catch syntax
errors that don't cause major issues.
Using strict mode,
however,
will allow you to catch issue such as declaring global variables or trying to delete
undefeatable properties or other 70 failing assignments,
etcetera.
So to demonstrate this,
we're going to copy index dot Js once again to index dash strict dot Js We're gonna open up
this one and I'm going to run this file in strict mode so that you can see how it would
normally go rather than starting this with node index dot strict dot Js I'm actually going
to start it with node and then a flag dash dash use underscore strict and then index dash
strict dot Js.
As you can see,
the execution is happening as normal.
I'm gonna kill that and now within the top,
I'm going to declare a global that strict mode should catch.
So rather than calling Var Fu equals bar.
I'm gonna get rid of this bar which will,
by default,
create a variable at global scope,
which is generally something you want to avoid and so strict mode is going to catch that.
So let's restart the app using the use strict wag and you can see it actually,
through a reference error,
saying Fu is not defined.
Let's restart this without the use Strict flag.
I'm just gonna call note in desh gastric dot Js.
You can see that it starts up as normal.
It's only when we used the use strict flag that these things that are normally ignored,
like syntax errors or reference errors that don't cause major issues actually end up
crashing.
The app using use strict when starting up your app can help you diagnose a number of issues
.
And so I'd recommend that you get familiar with using it within No Js as you debug your
applications.
With that,
we can move on to the next lecture